How funny if they like just like randomly stumbled onto this podcast and then heard a bad episode. That'd be cool.
Look how bright is in my room. Why is it so bright? Why is it so bright? Are you white?
I think I hit my limit for how much I can sit in the dark and work all day. Really? I feel like my room's darker than ever. It's so funny.
We're switching. Even wearing a white shirt.
It's a new era, new pope, a new me. It's kind of nice. I'm not going to lie. There's a new pope. It's kind of a I just learned there's a new pope this morning. That just happened or am I behind that happened yesterday and I have a fun fact.
I want to hear the fun fact. You know him. He's an American, right? Sort of. Just give me the fact. This is exciting.
So Liz's grandpa in Cuba is. If I remember correctly, he's like pretty involved in his local church. And at one point, the man that is now the pope visited and slept over my or Liz's grandpa's house. Wow. So crazy. Yeah, that's so crazy. You're basically like related to God. Now, I was going to say I think I feel some powers coming on. That's why my room is so much brighter now. It just.
It's so perfect. The room looks so different. You look like you're glowing like an angel. Yeah. That's awesome. All I know is new pope American. That's all I know, by the way, he's American, which is kind of crazy. But OK, so one. I didn't know the previous pope was Argentinian.
You know, I feel like where did I? Yeah, I feel like when I see an old man that with light skin, he just looks European to me. And like, you know, he's always in the Vatican doing stuff. So I'm like, Oh, that's like an Italian guy. You know, yeah, I would have thought Italian. Yeah.
I think they speak Italian and that's that they're like default language in the Vatican or something. But yeah, he was Argentinian. He spoke Spanish. I'm like, Oh, that's pretty crazy. And the other thing that's confusing is they just pick a new name when they're.
Oh, they just like, my name was Robert and now I'm Leo. Yeah. So his name wasn't Leo. I saw Leo. That was that's his new name. It's like Robert's name, like something very American.
Yeah, Bob. I don't want to say it's Robert, but he just went by Bob. Bob is now the pope. I saw a clip of there were some like CNN Catholic or Catholic analysts who is a priest or something who was like, you know, talking about.
The news and like, you know, the new pope and everything. And he accidentally called him Bob because he like knew him from college or whatever. Like, they went to or something. So they have some like, yeah, personal connection. So he called him Bob.
That's awesome. New pope. Not the pope, Bob from America. Yeah, exactly. It's amazing.
I just got sick of sitting in the dark. I think I hit my limit for how long I could just sit in the dark. And I realized I was feeling kind of negative being in his room.
Are you going to be positive now? I'm going to be better at being negative. Like I was in a potential, you know? Sure. That makes sense.
Yeah. So I opened my window and I have like, I have a really nice view. It's like so green and lush and nice. And I just been sacrificing all that for consistent lighting, which I don't really need anymore. So yeah, I guess if you're not like doing the video stuff all the time.
Like I moved across the house from my amazing office that I loved to a hole in the ground because I was going to record like the big, the course stuff, which I think I'm not really doing anytime soon, if ever I was going to be doing that.
It was like this room is it's got an exterior door on it. It's like connected to our unfinished face. So it's very sound isolated. And I thought like, Oh, the kids running around. I won't hear it. It'll be so much better for consistency, whatever.
And I'm not recording anything. And I just hate it. I just if I don't hate it, but it just feels so much worse than my old office, which was bright and had a window and I could see outside. Yeah. And yeah, I think it really impacts your work.
I think I just need to get electric fades for this room, which I looked into before. But that would let me at least easily, you know, switch was into two modes.
Right now, my windows are behind my desk. So like climbing around and flipping it back and forth as a pain. So I kind of to commit to one or the other.
I've done, I've done the electric shade thing. And I'll tell you what a disaster of a market. It's either literal pieces of shit or like lutron, like you go, like, yeah, yeah, when I looked into it, it was so expensive.
Yeah. And I was like, how is it this expensive for one small window?
You're either going with like a whole like integrator company that's like that, that world just it's or they're just terrible. So good luck with that. There's no like prosumer version. It's like nice.
And you can spend more on it and you don't have to talk to some sales guy. There's nothing like that that I found. Maybe someone could correct me. That was like five years ago.
I'm pretty sure my neighbor's daughter works for Crestron. Maybe I can get some kind of makeup.
Yeah, there you go. I just need one window.
She's actually a CEO of Crestron. Oh, well, it's CEO. It's like executive level. And maybe I have a chance.
I did like a huge custom like centralized lighting and all that stuff in one of the homes we built.
And we spent so much money on like home theater, centralized lighting, security, all this stuff. It was a disaster.
And just this is warning to anybody who does this. Those companies, you can't just like, like, Hey, the fire alarms don't work anymore. Well, I say they don't work.
We came home from vacation and they were just going off and we couldn't get them to turn off.
You can't just like do stuff yourself. They have to like come out and like a programmer comes out and like reprogram your house and like everything you ever want to do.
It's like we can't get these lights to come on. Oh, we'll be out like next week. Like it's just it was terrible. So don't don't do that.
I don't recommend it. It's like hue lights or whatever. Just get some cheap Zigbee stuff.
And that stuff has gotten a lot better and a lot of it has become open source. So it like really covers a lot of stuff now. So yeah, it's still not amazing.
Like I always I always in this constant loop of I'll spend a bunch of time, set it up properly, but like not fully properly.
Like I'll miss like 5% of something and somehow that just erodes over time and then I'm just like not using it at all.
Yeah, yeah, so it's always never land on anything great.
Maybe when I have like a more modern house, I can like do it right, but yeah, still having maybe someday.
It plays with it someday when we're billionaires.
We can pay people to put the lights for us. Yeah.
How are you? I feel like we haven't talked a little bit.
We've done like one episode in like a month. I feel like we just had random stuff because I was traveling.
I had quite a travel experience. I don't know if you followed along over the past week.
I followed along New Jersey. Well, more than New Jersey because my parents were throwing a baby shower for Liz.
So we went there, then we went to New York for a wedding. Then I flew to Toronto.
How many weddings have you been doing the last two years? Not a lot. I feel like I feel like I feel like I feel like generally
I am lower on the number of weddings that I've had to go to.
OK, because I've gone to none to see now.
I guess maybe I'm an extreme example.
It lets you remarry, like if you don't let's get married again.
Yeah, so I think for me, all of my friends did really small weddings, including myself.
Like it was just a courthouse thing plus a little event after like a bunch of my friends.
The same thing. But yeah, it's pretty much just like Liz's friends that we've gone to weddings for.
And even then, I think I've escaped it. Usually it's pretty bad.
I guess we're hitting her family. Her cousins are getting married.
So I guess I'm like now getting deeper into that. I have gone to a few in the past year.
All of my current friends have been married since long before I was friends with them.
So there's just literally no reason I would have gone to a wedding, I guess.
Yeah. Exactly. It happened like a little bit right out of college, I guess.
But I am like five years older than you. So maybe that's just the difference here.
I'm definitely like in the zone where everyone is pretty much wrapping up getting married.
I think that weddings are funny in that they can be really enjoyable if you are like deep
in the front group and like you know the majority of the people that are there.
Yeah. And if you're not that, they're just kind of awkward.
Because the one we went to, it was kind of in between. Like it was Liz's roommate
that I hung out with the bunch so I know her and I know her now husband.
Oh, her husband knows Rich Harris, which is a funny point of coincidence.
Like he works on that team at New York Times that makes a lot of data visualizations.
Oh, nice.
Which is where he's not an engineer. He's a journalist. He's more on the
infographic side, like the non engineering side.
But yeah, I think Rich was on that team. That's like where he made spelt and everything.
So it was like, wow, someone from like outside my world entirely.
Finally, there's like some kind of tie-in to my world.
Usually when people ask what I do, I'm just like, yeah, I like it's not worth getting into.
Yeah.
So this was like a little bit in between.
But there was one wedding I went to where Liz was invited.
And as once we got to the wedding, it was clear that it was like a polite invite.
And it wasn't like you definitely have to go.
Because she was like more on the edge of the guest list.
Yeah, yeah.
And what that means is that makes me like on the other side of the earth.
I'm trying to get on the edge because I'm just some random person there.
And it's not that big of a wedding and we go to the ceremony.
And I see these two people who I've never seen my whole life and probably will never see again.
Walked on the aisle, then deeply talk about their love for each other and their history
and their future.
And it's this crazy intimate moment.
And it's being witnessed by this random ass person, me,
that's there for some reason witnessing this event.
Like why is this a feature of weddings?
Like I guess it's unavoidable.
Like, eventually you invite someone and then there plus one has to just be the most random
person.
So I was just part of one of the most important days of these people's lives.
And I'm never going to see them again.
They're never going to think about me.
I think about them all the time because I'm like, why was I there?
Oh, it's so funny.
How funny if they like just like randomly stumbled onto this podcast and then heard that episode.
That'd be cool.
They probably, this is so random.
They probably wouldn't even put it together that I'm talking about them.
Well, the one thing maybe that I'll make it more clear is it was in Connecticut and I got COVID after.
Oh no, did everyone get COVID after?
Yes, the whole like the whole wedding got COVID.
Oh geez.
So I had to go the random wedding that made no sense and then I got to get COVID.
Well, I guess like that's one way to remember your wedding.
Everybody got COVID.
That's fun.
The other thing that I think about and I really hope life doesn't go this way.
I feel like the older you get, like as you approach death,
you just invite it to more and more and more weddings.
And you're just like the old person at the wedding because it's like your grandkids cousin is getting
married and then they invite you, you know?
So you're just like every week, just another wedding.
There's different phases of it in life.
Like when you're the generation above and you're going to kids and their friends' weddings or whatever.
Huh?
Yeah.
So there's another phase coming and then you die.
And then you die.
It's true.
Yeah.
I actually just had thoughts a couple of days ago of like hitting 40 soon.
Like I'll be 30 and I'll be, I'll be 39 this summer.
And then then it's my last year until I'm on my 40th year.
Just had thoughts of like, wow, like average lifespan in America, it's like 80.
It's like I'm halfway.
This is midlife.
And then I started thinking about midlife crisis.
And I was like, I kind of get it.
I kind of get where like you hit a point and you're like, wow, I'm on the downhill.
Like this, I'm over halfway there and it's gone so fast and like mortality.
I don't know.
Maybe Brian Johnson's on to something.
Maybe I need to, to health max.
Live to be 120.
That's some of the 40 years.
I just refuse to talk about this topic.
So okay.
Yeah.
I wonder why you brought it up.
Cause I feel like every time we ever touch, like I'll jump into it.
But I feel like every time we touch on anything.
Yeah.
Like this, you're like, I don't want to talk about it.
No, we're not talking about it.
Okay.
Let's not talk about it.
It was always me.
I told you, I've got a wedding anniversary this month.
Have I told you how we got married?
No.
Like we just stood on a beach and my brother held a Mac book.
And the pastor was in Missouri.
Oh, like a zoom.
And we stood on the beach in Florida.
Yeah.
And did it over Jim.
He was like over video.
It was awesome because that's not good.
Cause we're standing out on the beach on this hotel wifi.
Yeah.
And right as he like asks, if one of us says I do,
his signal cuts out and you just hear him go, no.
So we're not sure if we're actually legally married.
Like it's possible that that was not a legal situation.
But yeah, we ran with it.
We actually did the courthouse thing before we left.
So like we had officially already been married, I guess, just to say.
How many was it just your brother?
Was there anyone else there?
My parents and Casey's mom came as well.
So our situation was we were in New York and we wanted to get married.
And we were looking at the one, the price of a wedding.
And also like just the effort it goes into putting on like a big wedding,
especially if it was a big family.
And we were like, there's no way we can squeeze into our life right now.
Like we were kind of starting businesses and it just didn't make sense to like spend the money
on a wedding.
So our mindset was, okay, let's just do a smallish thing and then we'll do a bigger wedding later.
But our smallish thing ended up being really, really nice.
Like we did a, we had this photographer that just specializes in New York courthouse weddings.
And she basically took us on like this nice walk from our apartment
to the courthouse, we took a bunch of pictures and we did a bunch of nice things.
We had like this nice private situation in the courthouse where just me and Liz got married
and we came out and then like our family was there to like throw flowers on us and stuff.
And then we walked down to, we were like another 15 minutes to this bar.
We rented out and then like a bunch, all of our friends were there and we did.
Oh, that's awesome.
Like a, like a nice thing with food, food and all that.
Yeah, it was right.
It was like all of our friends and it was really great and all the emotions were like maximized.
And after that, we're like, oh, that was like a real wedding.
Like we're not going to do another bigger one later.
It feels, it feels stupid.
Like all the emotions like went out in that thing.
I've been to a lot of weddings since then with other people.
And I'm like, man, I still really liked ours the best.
So if you're thinking about getting married, like consider that small one.
It's actually pretty nice.
Yeah, and then you didn't, you know, feel like there's so much pressure on it to be exactly what
you imagined because you spent so much money and like, I don't know, I didn't.
I haven't done that either, but I would imagine that's, it's expensive.
I don't know.
Yeah, it's expensive.
And like the actual process of a big wedding is like, not really fun for the bride and groom
because they're like doing.
It's like a lot of stress.
Yeah.
And they're doing all the guitar stuff that like stand and take a picture with every single person
and like, you know, and all that.
And so on one hand, it is nice, but I don't know, I think I'm glad I did the small thing.
Maximize your enjoyment.
It is your day.
Yeah.
Okay, let's talk about other stuff.
Wait, let me tell you one more thing.
Oh, yeah, sure.
I went to Toronto and I met Frank.
You travel?
Oh, you met Frank.
That is other stuff.
I just met like, I don't know, we got into like weddings and stuff.
Yeah, I know.
And it's just kind of an odd RMO.
Our audience isn't getting married anytime soon.
Every time you've brought up that you didn't, you never met Frank, it blew my mind.
Like I always forget.
And then it just re-blue my mind every single time.
And this was no exception when you're like, you're finally meeting Frank.
It's like, how have you not that Frank?
That's just crazy.
Yeah, I know.
It's such a weird modern thing where there's this person that I talk to every day.
When something like funny or interesting happens in my life.
Like I tell him right away.
Like he's the person he's the only people that knows about everything that's going on.
Yeah, I have literally only ever seen him over discord video.
Yeah.
So finally, and I should have done this a while ago, like I just,
I kept being like, I'm going to visit Toronto.
But I don't want to go when it's cold.
It has to be the summer, but I kept having other travel in the summer.
So I don't know.
I got kicked around.
And we're doing this last trip before.
Like the last trip we can travel before, you know, Liz gives birth and everything.
And then we won't travel for a little bit after that.
So we have to do it now or it's or now we're never so we just tacked it on at the end of
the travel we were already doing.
By the way, airlines air travel is done.
It's all your tweets, man.
Yeah.
Yeah, I want to I want to dive into that too, because I I'm curious like,
it all feels so bad to me.
But I saw you say something about how like you've seen it over your lifetime get worse.
And I don't remember when it was better.
It's just like it's always been bad to me, but I could see how it's gotten.
I don't know.
I need to hear your description.
Yeah, I couldn't tell if I'm misremembering.
Or it's one of those like things were better before kind of.
Well, you know what?
I will say, I only flew for the first time when I was like 22.
That's still that's still like around 15 years.
Yeah, I would say it's okay.
Same range I'm talking about.
Okay, so here's the thing.
I remember for most of my life never thinking that hard about air travel.
I remember being like, I'm going to book a flight.
I land here and I'm going to make plans for what I do after I land.
And that was like a normal thing.
And there was one time where I missed my flight because security was doing something annoying
with my stuff, but they rebooked me an hour later.
And there were like a few handful of delays here and there that didn't like materially
make a huge difference.
Now I feel like my expectation is this is going to be an all day thing.
The travel, no matter where I'm going.
The flight to Toronto was 50 minutes, five zero.
You go up, you're in the air for 30 minutes and you come back down.
Yeah.
And I was at the airport.
I got to the airport and it was six or seven hours or no, it was eight hours before I got to Toronto.
Sores.
And I don't think it was this bad before.
Like do you remember differently?
Like you feel like it was always that bad?
I just had I probably just had bad memory.
I just feel like it always feels like a 25% chance that it's going to go terribly
terribly wrong for me.
And I have to connect everywhere I fly from the Ozarks.
I never connected until recently.
Yeah.
So when you have to connect every time, like I think it's just always been kind of rough
because it's so easy to get your first flight delayed and miss your connection.
And that just screws the whole thing.
So effectively taking twice a number of flights is me.
But I would say it's like 25, 30% of like either a delay or something horrible happening.
I've like I don't fly that much and I've had multiple times.
I'd stayed in hotels, some city overnight where I wasn't intending on being
because I missed the connection and I have to take a flight in the morning.
Like that should be like a once in a lifetime thing, right?
And I feel like it's having to be like at least three times.
It's just to me, it feels like it feels sloppy across the board.
So when we were going from, so we got massively delayed from Miami to New York or to New Jersey.
And so what happened?
So Newark has collapsed, the Newark airport is like not working.
It's like, I don't know.
It like tipped over some threshold and it's a complete disaster.
And we got news of this a couple of days before flying and I was like,
maybe it'll be better after a couple of days.
The flight coming from Newark to Miami to pick us up was delayed by an hour or something.
I'm like, okay, I get it.
Like Newark has had problems.
But we get on the plane at this point, like an hour and a half later.
We're sitting there and the people are like, okay,
things are massive at Newark.
So they're not letting us take off because there's too many planes going there.
So we're waiting.
Yeah.
Waiting on the plane.
Slow control.
Yeah, exactly.
We're in all the words.
And then all of a sudden the guy comes on.
He's like, hey, we just noticed our GPS is broken.
So we're getting someone to come fix that.
So they're coming to fix that sometime goes by.
Probably gets back on.
Okay, our GPS is fixed.
But me and the copilot have timed out.
Like we can't.
This is too long.
Like our ship is over.
So we have to.
In there.
Yep.
And they get off.
New crew comes on.
New crew says, okay, I think we're allowed to.
I think they're going to let us leave soon.
But we've been sitting here for so long that we're out of gas.
So we need to refill the plane with a weight.
This exact, I had a scenario where we both timed out a crew
and they had to fly around weather.
And they weren't going to have enough fuel
so we had to go back and refuel.
Like same exact, both double whammy things.
Yep.
There was no mechanical issue.
It was just like those two.
And then you deep, you deep plane the whole.
It's just a nightmare.
So then they get fueled up.
Then we're still waiting and we're stuck on the run.
And then we finally take off and we go.
We land like, oh, okay.
We're finally here.
Pilot comes on.
They're like, hey, one of our flight attendants
can't find her purse.
Did anyone take her purse?
And this has nothing to do with like delaying us.
I'm just like, what is going on?
But the flight attendant is losing her purse
in an enclosed tube.
A couple is possible.
This is like, she definitely left it in my room.
I mean, I was confused.
Oh, and by the way, my plane in Toronto,
again, similar series of events delayed.
We land.
Captain comes on.
Hey, we're here.
But nobody is like pulling the jet bridge over.
So I can see the jet bridge.
It's like, I can see with my eyes.
It's like 20 feet away from where it's supposed to be.
So we're stuck there.
We're just waiting for someone to come and just move.
I'm just like, open the door and I'll jump it.
Like, I think I can jump it.
I'll jump it and I'll move it over.
To me, it's just like, yeah, there's like foundational delays.
But it just stacks on top of what feels like
just sloppiness across the board.
And your brother's a pilot.
Maybe it's a better sense of things
are getting better or worse.
Yeah, I need to ask him like,
just what it's like from a pilot's perspective,
flying that much.
Like, what's the percentage of his flights
that feel like something goes wrong?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Is this just like the world getting sloppier?
Are people just getting lazier and brain dead?
The US definitely has a cute problem, I think.
Because we like just have like our,
we have the whole like air traffic controller shortage issue
because we're like, we didn't fund those programs well.
We also just cut a bunch of them.
And then all of our systems are just really old.
They need to be like the newer issues
is because our super old ATC system like went down
and had a bunch of issues.
I think I was reading that there was a period of time
where nobody in air traffic control
could communicate at all with the planes in the sky.
And that was such a stressful situation
that a bunch of them just took off for a couple of weeks,
being like, I can't do this anymore.
You know, that job, flight controllers,
is like the highest suicide rates of any occupation or something.
I've seen something like that.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
It's just like prolonged stress every single day,
probably, like a lot at risk.
I'd be really focused.
So to me, it feels like, I can click to,
and again, maybe I want a different experience,
but to me, I can clearly remember an arrow
where I felt like flying is fun.
And like, it's a good way to get around.
Now I'm just like, I do not want to do it.
Like, if I can avoid it, even if it takes longer or like,
whatever, like, I'm going to try to avoid it as much as possible.
And plus also like all the planes flipping and crashing
and hitting helicopters and stuff like that didn't help.
Well, yeah, I listened to the thing about that.
I guess like the rates aren't actually any worse.
Yeah, I don't know.
I did see that too.
I don't understand why it felt like there for a bit.
It was a lot worse.
Like it did.
Number of incidents is the same.
But yeah, when a plane hits another helicopter and everybody dies,
like that's worse than anything that's happened in a while.
Yeah, I don't know.
The whole like thinking about like people becoming like training
and becoming air traffic controllers and choosing that career path
and like, then just thinking about like Gen Z
and what I know about Gen Z, just like the younger people below.
It's like, are they're just not going to be
air traffic controllers by the time we're like old people?
Because no one can focus.
Or just like, yeah, not focus, not have any desire to do
that kind of work or I don't know.
It's like not fulfilling enough for Gen Z.
I just feel like the boomers above us would do like whatever they had to do
to just like survive.
Yeah.
I mean, I have a lot of lights about boomers too.
But I do feel like there's less grit maybe in our generation
and the generations that follow.
And I don't know.
I worry about like all these hard jobs having people that want to sit
and maybe technology helps maybe that we automate some of this stuff.
Maybe that'll actually be a benefit.
I don't know.
And this is what actually scares me.
So the thing with something like air traffic control is over the years,
it just gets hardened, right?
Like you get all these rules put into place after every incident and they get.
And that's why we have like, you know, we've experienced a period where there was,
there's like basically no incidents and like we feel very safe on planes.
And this to me is like a very robust system.
These bottom up rules were put in place.
I can see how in a push to automate it, people look at the individual rules and they're like,
what's the point of that?
That makes no sense.
Like it's simpler if we don't have that in the automation, you know?
It's just it's from a software developer standpoint.
Everybody knows that feeling of rewriting a thing and be like,
this is way could be way simpler.
And then you learn why all that stuff was complicated.
Like all the bugs that come up.
Yeah, exactly.
So I'm like, even automating this stuff, I'm kind of like hesitant where
it has to be led by someone with the right perspective.
Like this is a going to be a very hard tedious slog where we're getting every little detail,
right?
Not just some like we're going to build a new simple system from day one type of thing.
Yeah, so that worries me.
Yeah, well, why is it that I'm just now I'm just thinking about like just,
I mean, we're our perspective as software developers, like we're front row seats,
like computing the crazy curve it's been on.
We think about like transistors, you know, like the Moore's Law stuff.
Why is it that like certain pockets of the world have advanced so rapidly
in the last 50 years?
And then some of them are just like the same like transportation is just the same.
Hasn't really is it really improved meaningfully?
You know what I mean?
People still drive cars and get on planes.
They all go to the same speed.
Yeah, I mean, it's just one of those things where as much software as there is in the world and how
much we feel like, man, I can't believe people are still getting hired to like build these dumb
apps.
We still don't have the software like it's it is pretty crazy.
There's so all these crevices in the world that it has not reached because it's too difficult or
there's just a lot of forces against it or, you know, like the migration is is challenging.
Yeah, we still need a lot more, a lot more software.
I think that's like why this AI stuff is interesting because I think it helps get into
some of these crevices.
Yeah, good thing.
Implementation cost is going to zero.
So yeah, I don't know if that's true.
Everything I say about AI right now is just tongue in cheek.
I have no idea which side is true.
Probably zero is going to be free.
Easy to make or not.
It's going to be harder.
I don't know.
It's funny you messaged me being like some days I you were like, you sent me
Claude, a screenshot of Claude being really stupid and you're like, some days I feel this is all
so stupid and not growing anywhere.
I'm like, yeah, literally every week I have the opposite take on AI.
And someone even commented on it being like,
that actually has to get different is like just arguing the opposite side every every other week.
And like, yeah, if you're actually using this, that's just how it feels.
Like there's days where I'm like, wow, it did such a good job.
And there's other days where you're like, this did such a bad job that I fundamental.
I think the tech is just fundamentally like there's no way this is the path to
the place we want to get to, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Some of the things that's capable of concluding or making diffs for or just like,
this can't be it.
We get like a better version of this is still not good. This is no, no hope.
I don't know.
It's all simultaneously super exciting.
And there's weeks, like you said, there's like times where I'm just like, man, the future is just so
exciting. I can't wait every new model. It's like exciting.
And then there's the weeks where it's like, man, I'm working on something like this.
Like I'm trying to make a thing that uses these tools and just for my own sake.
If nothing else, like trying to build a tool to use models to generate code.
And then I'm just like, is this even worth doing?
Cause this is like, some of the stuff you're running to.
You know, I've always felt that people are really bad at assessing what makes them more productive.
I think I wrote this thread on the other day where we like, there's things we like doing.
And we just described productivity to it because we want to feel like it's also rational.
So I think people are generally about assessing is a tool making them more productive.
And I definitely feel that way with some of these AI things where I'm like,
a big drive for me to use them is so I can exert less and be lazier.
And that's really biasing my ability to judge whether it's worth it or being more productive.
I think that I found enough like objective things where I'm like, yes, but I'm just aware of this.
Like we're just bad at assessing what's actually making us go faster versus what's
just the same or even slower.
Yeah, it's like, I don't even, I know at first I was thinking about the ways I could parallelize
and be faster. I feel like I've long since decided, no, it's really just about, it's those moments
where it writes something that I just hate. I hate doing that work and it did it and it did it well.
And that's what keeps me coming back. It's like this promise of a world where you can only do the
parts you want to do. And it's good enough to like automate the stuff that's just not that fun.
That's that's what I hope for. So the paralyzing thing is interesting because I agree, like there's
moments where you can do that. But man, does that take a lot of energy and like a weird like, yeah,
it's like the opposite of flow state. It's like you're in this freaky like jitter zone where it
does not feel good to be still a very hard limit. I don't feel like you can train yourself to get
past a certain number of tasks that are being juggled at once and like actually make progress
at any faster rate than if you just went head down on one finish it head down on the other
finish it. Like, yeah, I don't know if you can do three things at once. I'm not convinced.
Yeah. And there's a lot of research. We already know that people are bad at multitasking,
even if, you know, we have these tools. So I think we're so fundamental. That's what I agree.
Okay. So then you go back to the other thing you said where you said it let it just when
they're just tedious work that you don't want to do, it can take over. What are you doing while it's
doing that work? It depends a lot of things. I don't do the YouTube thing. I've never really
fallen into the YouTube or watching Netflix while I work. I know that's a thing you like to do.
What am I doing? Usually I'm reading or like I've got a browser based, not reading like a book.
Like I'm usually reading something on the internet. Like I've maybe got Jim and I or
or something open in the browser doing some searching or digging into some future problem.
I'm basically like stacking my next work, like trying to figure out how I'm going to solve the
next problem. And I think that's effective use of time. Like I do think I'm more productive in a
good day. It's just the bad days and what you're left with when it's over or just so devastating
feeling. Like you didn't enjoy the day. So there's that at least like there were days in my 15 years
of programming where at least you enjoyed the flow state or whatever. Like you enjoyed the
process of having the music going and coding. Even if the other day you're like, man, I'm in a
worse place than when I started. Like I ran myself into a hole. At least you had that satisfaction
that you kind of enjoyed it. Now it's like, I don't enjoy sending a little like well written
prompt and then waiting on it and it just being completely stupid. That part sucks. And then if
you also end up in a bad place at the end of the day, it's like double sucks. Yeah, I don't know.
It's it's tough. It's tough to know whether I'm excited or I hate it. Sometimes I literally
just think I wish none of this had been invented. Not because like I'm afraid I'm gonna lose my job.
I'm not like somebody who works for people. I don't like I'm not gonna lose my job over AI.
So like this is not that fake. Some of people you say anything like this and they're like,
oh, yeah, engineers are scared. There's people that get off to this idea of us losing their jobs.
It's just so stupid. I am not afraid to lose my job. I just sometimes wish it didn't exist. So I
didn't have so much of my mental energy invested into this figuring out. Yes. When I had a perfectly
fun, enjoyable job before. Yeah, it's it is just so weird. It's it's I think what makes it different
is everything else, any other major shift in I've seen before, it's all just deterministic.
Like there's a new technology that comes out. You might not get it right away and maybe you
overuse it and you like eventually learn the right way to use it and you find a good balance.
This is like a chaos box. So like, it's just different every day, you know? Yeah, like they're
not getting a handle of it. Like you can get a little bit better at using it. But yeah, like
you had, like I said, there's another technology where there's a day where I do well with it.
And the next day, it's like 100 degrees, like 180 degrees in the other direction,
like pouring me down. I've never had anything like that before. So chaos box. That's a perfect way
of putting it. Yeah. So I can relate to you saying, I wish it was an event that because I'm like,
I don't this isn't something that we can learn and get better at this way. We've done with other
things. Yeah, I feel like if the models just suddenly stopped doing really stupid stuff,
which I don't know if that's possible, but if they did, and they were reliable and they could call
tools reliably, then like there is this world I think I could enjoy where I don't do tedious
things. And I mostly do high level and I can move faster. Like for anything I'm working on,
I have these stupid lists. I use this clear app. And it's just like, I mean, it's just,
can you see on the camera? It's just like, I have things and things and things that I want to do
always. And I'm always thinking of new things. I want to add lists. If I could chew through that
faster, I'd love that world, even if it's less enjoyable work. I just don't know if we're getting
there and I can't tell if I'm actually moving any faster, if I'm just more frustrated. Yeah.
Yeah, it's like, you'll go to that list and it'll like nail the first one. You're like, wow,
that saved me a whole day. Then the next one costs you two days. Exactly. That's exactly it.
Like you'll have that. It's like golf where you hit that one shot. Keep you coming back. I have that
one day where it does all the things I need. And I'm like, I'm going to be a professional this,
whatever this is. And then the next three days you spend on the stupidest stuff and you're just,
it's just tough. I'd love to hear from other people have one thing I'm aware of is that
I only use a very small subset of the mini tools out there right now. And even the mini models,
I got to be curious from people who use cursor or winter for even the eaters of the world. There's
like root code, I think is the thing, which, how would you name your thing after kangaroo? I just
can't use a thing named after kangaroo. I don't know. I don't get it. There's Klein. There's like
a handful of these that keep coming up. People say, oh, this one's so good. And I wonder, like,
are people having a better time than me? Am I just too stubborn to leave Neil them? And if
I just did, I'd have a better time. Like the models are really good with the system prompts they use
on this tool. I don't know. I wonder about that. Yeah, I just don't think they are at least for
like this agentic thing where like it just runs on its own. I do know something other like autocomplete
stuff. There's something more of a variation and how good it is. But yeah, in terms of like
the whole vibe coding thing, I don't think there's better experiences. Like you have pushed, you've
like looked at this from all different angles and tried it. I've done it myself, not just for coding.
I mean, less for coding, more on just general tasks side. And yeah, like there are people
better than me at it that get better results. But it's like, I'm looking for like a five x better
result. I think everyone's yeah, the best person at this maybe is like 25% better than than I am.
And it's not really really that meaningful. The other thing is I'm stepping back a bit. And
I like knowledge is a little bit like reading tea leaves and probably just making stuff up.
If I look at how open AI is operating, every single move they've made for years now is in the
direction of this is roughly as good as it gets while saying the opposite, right? Yeah. And I
believe that they can believe both things at once. But this whole wind surf acquisition blows
my mind. Yeah, it's like, not the number of dollars. Just like, why are they buying wind surf? I don't,
like, because they think this is it. And they just want to capitalize on all the people using the
thing. There is basically creating more, what holds in like the application layer, right?
If you think about like a parallel, like AWS cloud, imagine if AWS was like, we're going to focus on
infrastructure and helping you guys with applications. And the next thing you know,
they're building like, they're like building stat news on their own or they're building like,
like linear on their own. Then you're kind of like, if they started doing that, you would think,
oh, maybe they don't really believe in this cloud thing. They don't believe that the whole world
could build on top of this. It's going to enable a lot because they're like, we need to capture
the application layer. So the acquisitions, I mean, like a year ago, they had some kind of big
announcement. I was at the most boring, enterprisey B2B thing. It was like in the middle of them,
like hyping up AGI. And it was like, just, it was like the equivalent of like, single sign on,
like it was kind of that kind of announcement. Yeah. And then sit and to them, they acquired
Windsor, which again, deep into the application layer. They just hired, and this is a little weird.
They had a board member who was the CEO of Instacart. He is now joining OpenAI. She's leaving
Instacart joining OpenAI as a CEO of applications, which again, is another like, deeper investment
to application layer. Yeah. And there's old quotes from Sam Altman talking about
saying that they're not going to be an application layer. And he defines it as, if you build anything
assuming the model won't get better, you might feel like OpenAI is encroaching
in your territory, because like the model will get better and they'll kind of make it pointless
for that application to exist. But then he said, if you build things assuming the model will get
better, that's when we define as the application layer. Our job is to make the model better. Your
job is to build stuff that takes advantage of these better models and it fills whatever gap
there is. And I think that makes sense. I think that's a correct way to phrase it.
But Windsor and AI editors are in that second category. They're not very good right now.
They're entirely built on the premise of the models getting better and then just doing the
last mile for OpenAI to acquire and get into that space, effectively saying that we want to win
the coding code editor towing war. Yeah, that is like, yeah, you're not doing that. You're
not doing that. You're competing in application space. I think it's fair for us to say like,
you're not really betting on just being a model provider. Yeah, yeah. No, that makes sense.
Yeah, it feels like they just they got really, because it codecs was not far before, like that's
pretty close timing with the wind surf acquisition. It feels like they just like decided they needed
to care about developers with the anthropic kind of carving that niche out. Yeah, I don't know.
This is all like random commentary. I think that is right. And I feel like anthropic has always
positioned themselves as like they're going to focus on certain verticals and like do it really
well or maybe like at least initially. And yeah, they found a foothold in coding and developer tools.
And you can kind of like squint and see how if you're Sam Altman and anthropic has carved out,
we're the best for developer tools. And then you realize how these models might only be good at
coding. That might be like, yeah, this is all headed towards just like automating code.
Then you kind of have to like compete in that space. Maybe that justifies a wind surf acquisition
just to get a bunch of developers that use one surf, which I don't know who uses the wind surf.
I know everyone uses cursor. Cursor was more popular, right? Why buy the second one?
I guess cursor didn't want to sell. Oh, well, I guess that's fair.
Wouldn't that suck if Microsoft beats them? And then they didn't sell for $3 billion if you're
the founders of cursor? I think Microsoft will beat them. And I like for the current valuation,
which is nine billion, for that to make sense, you basically need to win the editor. Yeah,
you need to be the default one that everybody's using. It would take such a colossal
fuck up from Microsoft to allow that to happen. Obviously, I still think like even if Microsoft
wins, there's probably still a multi-billion dollar business potentially.
Yeah. As I think about it, the founders are probably fine. They're making so much money right now.
Yeah. Well, the other thing is like this, they are like one of the fastest, maybe if not the fastest,
like ARR growth company ever, like it's insane. But I also don't think that anyone has ever given
away more money or free. I think it's learned to the levels of Uber back in the day.
Oh, yeah. I could go anywhere in New York for like $3.40. That was amazing.
When you say that, are you saying like they charge, I think, a $20 subscription?
They're just the average users. Yeah. Is the average user using way more usage than that,
you suspect? Are they burning cash? They probably are. If I think about my usage of Claude's API,
I use more than $20. And I'm not even a heavy AI user. If I'm using like an AI-based code editor,
I imagine I'm using it even more than I am. So again, I don't know. But it seems very unlikely
this $20. It's like a made up number that OpenAI made up because they had to just pick a random
number and everyone got anchored to that. And it's funny that random number five years ago was like,
that's high for a consumer subscription. Now it's like, I don't know, you can't eat for $20. You
can't do anything for $20. It's like kind of the new 10. Like an American 20 is kind of the new 10.
It's interesting how that's not even a high number anymore. Yeah. And if you look first like some other
like data points of price discovery, anthropic is not letting you use Claude code on their $20
a month subscription. They're making you do the $100. I think it's a $100 or $200 a month subscription.
Then you can use it. It's confusing. They have a hundred and a 200 version of the same thing.
Yeah. Max $100 version of the $200 version. And that lets you that lets you do use Claude code,
but then even then it's limited. It's not limited Claude code. So the way I look at things is
whoever has the least friendly pricing model is likely to have the most accurate like sustainable
pricing model, least friendly. So it feels like a bad deal like paying over a hundred bucks and
it's not even unlimited. Like it feels like a bad deal, but it's more sustainable. More like
that makes me think that that's probably the real price. I mean, curse is still like raised as
much as they're printing revenue. They're also like raising huge amounts of capital. So they
must be in like burned phase where they're just like, I mean, obviously growing like crazy, I guess.
Who is the user of cursor? I still don't understand. Like is it developers or is it
non-developers or is it like, how did they become such a fast growing? They just replaced people's
VS code with cursor basically. So all the people, all the developers that use VS code.
Yeah. I guess like if I'm a via, if you were a VS code user, there's basically like,
pretty sure every switch to cursor. Yeah. That said, I'm just like, what the fuck is even cursor?
Like a few times I've tried it. It feels like such a slight modification to VS code. Like I get
the cursor tab thing is made better than get up go pilot or whatever. I buy that. But again,
like that's just a plugin again. And then like the whole sidebar. Yeah. Okay. The diff thing.
Okay. You can see the diff on the file and accept it like that. That probably is like a good,
good workflow. But it feels so thin. Is this like a thin thing to build a company on?
They like train models or something, don't they? Do they like do custom models or no?
Yeah. They were hiring for people to do that. And they are doing that. And they acquired
SuperMaven, which is a custom model. I don't know if they're using that. If they just shut it down
and they have their own, like, I don't know exactly what happened with that. But uh,
they better not shut it down because I'm still paying my $10 a month. It's so good.
Me too. I'm, yeah, I love using SuperMaven. But yeah, I have no idea what's going on inside
that company. If they are, I mean, if they are training their own models, maybe they could be
using them for internal stuff. But you like choose a model and cursor, right? Like people use
Gemini and cursor and use. So it's still the underlying providers right now. You're right.
A gentic. Yeah, you're right. Which I, I, this whole thing, like people talk about all these models
and how great. Oh, now Jim and I 2.5 has a new version and it's so great. I, I hate how much
the reality is. I can't use anything but 3.7. Like Sonnet 3.7 is the only thing that can call
tools reliably and actually do the agent thing. Yep. I use Jim and I and I just dumped my whole
code base into it to get like ideas and insights and to build markdown files as a plan for Sonnet.
But like I cannot use a different model as the workhorse model in this agent thing. Everything
else falls on its face just immediately. Yeah. And it's funny because that's not even coding
related because I went through the exact same thing for open control of figuring out I had
my test prompt of like looking to why I had a billing spike in February. And I tried every single
model and they all just they all seem to not the feeling I got was they did something with 3.7
where they like very intentionally made it like do this a loop run to an issue think about a new
idea retry thing is almost built for that flow. Yeah. Every other model seems to when they when
it does do that it almost seems like by accident where like they'll kind of do it and they'll like
flop on the next one. Whereas yeah. 3.7 feels like I'm going to burn all of your money to
figure out this problem in a good way. In a good way. Yeah. Not like a malicious way. I
don't think they were just trying to like burn more tokens. It clearly has this formula 3.7
where it starts by saying okay I'll fix your problem with it summarizes what you prompted it.
Then calls a billion tools. It'll just call tools until it finally gets to a point where it says
okay I did the thing and then it summarizes it with a nice markdown summary. None of the other
tools and none of the other models do that like they don't they don't do the summary at the end
they don't acknowledge you at the beginning they just start calling random tools and they just stop
or they won't call some of the tools like they clearly used to do the work you're asking that's
not a funny thing. Yeah. Could you show me this file? It's like no you have a view file to use it.
Yeah. It just spit. Yeah. I'll tell you like refund something on Stripe and I'll be like
you should go to their Stripe console and refund them. I'm like no I'm asking you to do that.
Yeah. That's the whole point here. Yeah. So they did something there's some magic there.
Yeah we talked about this on one of the pockets I think it wasn't a coincidence I don't think
that they released 3.7 and cloud code at the same time. They've clearly trained 3.7 or they've done
something with some kind of underlying prompt system prompt thing and it is built for this purpose.
I just wish the smarts of Gemini 2.5 or even one of the open AI models like O3 I wish the
intelligence of one of those models had this ability and I would never use cloud 3.7 again
like ever because it's dumb. It's just it's stupid. I think the proof here is with a lot of these
other models. They were really bad. It basically would try one tool and give up. Then when I put
in something really aggressive like if you run an error think really hard about like a different
way to solve the problem and try again and never give up and it would it would improve. I wouldn't
say I'm not saying it's like it fixes a problem but it would approve right it would like you know
kind of do what I'm asking it whereas the system prompt for cloud code does not include that at
all it doesn't say anything about like keep trying or like call them yeah it's baked into the model
like it's baked into something we can't see anyway maybe not into the model but like they have their
own system prompt that they milled with ours or something there's something on the other
side of the API boundary that they do to make 3.7 that way and I just wish that secret sauce would
make it into every other model so then the latest greatest models you could just plug in in this
role and it would do all the things you expect. Yeah I would expect this to happen because I think
they're gonna see this yeah yeah I think a lot of people posting stuff like you know I think
yesterday we saw everyone was like oh the new 25 pro update is so good and you know whatever
benchmark crap I got a good score. I think the average person doesn't test this thing at all I
think they just like ask it a single question and see if it gets a good answer. I do again come back
I wonder do people test it in cursor and does cursor have a better system prompt that like they've
worked the magic to get this out of these other models I just wonder if that's the case somebody
said Klein is really good with Jim and I 2.5 they haven't had this experience I need to hear
somebody tell me or like show me not just like Twitter speak like oh no it's really good like
show me like is it actually really good because I've never seen another model do what 3.7 does
and I wish I had one that did it. Yeah to me the variables seem very limited it's like the only
thing you can control as someone just using the model is the system prompt and like the list of
tools that in the description. Yeah and I guess how you yeah how you name the tools how you format
the descriptions like there's there are some knobs you could turn. Yeah and and I've seen
improvements where like I've like improved the descriptions or like document the parameters better
or like update a system prompt and I've like improved some prompt over time and it does get better
but but there's still like a binary thing that 3.7 has that the other ones don't have. Yeah it just
feels like and I don't think that tweaking explains the difference between one person being like this
is bad and the other person being like this is good. Yeah but yet the tweaking can explain that
wider gap to me I think it just people aren't really using it as intensely or like really comparing
it to like consistently trying the same thing it's seeing if it's actually getting better or like
keeping kind of what it sucks at and trying it again like it's it is like a very a lot of this
is like traditional science because the model is such a black box that we do not understand how it
works or what's changed about it so it's like very similar to like scientists trying to observe
phenomena in nature yeah where you have to be really really really diligent to actually figure
out what's going on what's like a false it's like so easy to find false correlations and things like
that and I don't think any of us are particularly we're not that rigorous yeah yeah I think for us
we are very used to seeing a very complicated system that's like naked so we can go like
introspect it and understand how it's working and then say oh okay here's how it works
we're not used to a system we can't look inside that we need to just poke and see what the behavior
is and like you know get understanding that way yeah there are a couple people that I follow on
Twitter for this exact reason that they do this and but the problem is so one that's like more
like household name not household name but what's Simon do you do you follow Simon will
will listen he writes he's got like a blog and he's like a longtime co-creator of Django like a
long time python guy so I never really followed him or had a reason to until AI stuff he writes
really nice articles about when there's new models I've seen this Twitter around yeah like when he
when there's a new model he actually does kind of like run them through some benchmarks of his own
or whatever and he seems pretty knowledgeable about it the other person though is uh ex oh man
I'm gonna yeah ex JDR I basically just go to Twitter to see this Shrek man's tweets these days the
problem is uh he's like doing like kuda programming and all this stuff like he like custom runs all
these models on his two million dollar rig with full of GPUs like he is not a normal person so
when he says a model is good it's like he's doing things to make it good like he still says maverick
is good and like he runs it using all these certain parameters like yeah you just got to tweak
the whatever and I'm like okay well for me that's not helpful yeah but it's nice to see somebody who
actually knows what models are good at what like he knows this one's really good at tool calling
this one's really not and I actually trust everything he says so give him a follow on Twitter he's
amazing but yeah this again like it's crazy every time pretty much every time we've got on his
podcast talk it's like the same topic and it kind of goes yeah to what you're saying which is
we're like oh stuck trying to figure this out and it doesn't really feel like it's by choice it feels
like we have to because this thing is this uh-huh it's like showing the new guy around the office
like we just it's an obligation yeah and it's part of our job now but like some days I love it some
days I hate it it's such a weird yeah there's just 15 years of doing this there's never been anything
like this for me in my career yeah not like AI just like this kind of dilemma where I feel this
way about my work yeah and this stuff is so complicated because it's like so I think about
some tedious worry let's say I like rename something in a way where like my lsp can't just
auto rename it I need to go up there things in a bunch of files mm-hmm obviously tedious boring
but I there are like times in my day where I feel good doing work like that because it's
just you know you're like every second you're you're like getting stuff done you know it's gonna
work at the end it's like it's like just it's labor but it feels kind of good to cut up you know the
other kinds of ways I need to use my brain in the day um and that's the type of stuff that AI can
just totally take away from me but I don't know if that's putting me in a better place yeah well
a good example yesterday I had to do like a big fine replace of a couple of patterns across
a code base and I could have just burned the tokens and just had a I do it and I think it would have
done it like done it fine but I also realized like I don't do a very good job of this and
kneel them like I didn't have the whole quickfiscs lists like workflow down very well and I don't
have the commands memorized once I do have stuff in a quickfiscs list so I just like spent the time
to like do it kneel them the right way and like used even used Jim and I or something to help me
understand the trade-offs of different approaches because in kneel them there's like a hundred ways
to do everything yeah and in Unix in general there's like a hundred ways to do everything
so I just kind of like did it the manual way but like tried to improve just sharpen my tools
you know like the kneel them approach and I realized like that yeah it's taken away from
that too like it's taken away from the tinkering and the like just kind of like refining your craft
if you just spurred the LLM on stuff like that like you realize like a lot of those types of tasks
there's some way that somebody's come up with before all this that's like a fun kind of like
brain tickling experience now yeah it's all fine I think the challenge here is it's good to preserve
that if it's still needed the question is like which way is it gonna fall right like let's say
and I always compare it may as comparison CSS float we all knew all these float tricks back in the
day to like get the right layout and you know that ended up being a thing that just totally was
not needed when certain like layout stuff came out like flexbox and stuff yeah flex yeah sure so
it would have been dumb to be someone trying to like preserve their usage of it yeah ultimately yeah
was eliminated mm-hmm but if flexbox only partially solved it and failed in a lot of cases
then the people that like kept up their knowledge of that end up in a really good position if they
like learned both mm-hmm so yeah it's just it's unclear which way it's uh it's gonna fall I can't
tell if I'm just yeah preserving tradition for fun or if it's gonna continue to be something
that's important I mean I feel like I at this point I'm doubled down and quadrupled down on
leveraging these things and it's gonna just feel like a huge bummer if they don't get better because
I feel the pain every day of them sucking and I better at least get the payoff of them getting
good and all this being worth it you know what I mean like like I've invested heavily into this
between tokens and also just like building tools it just feels like I need this to pay off from
my sanity but then if it doesn't I guess it's like the consolation is we still love programming and
that's like pretty good I just want to know worst case I know I know yeah and I want to know how
long it's gonna drag on like this like I don't know there's this thing that got posted and it was
made like a month ago it was like that was called it was basically some people deep in the AI
research space that like play out the next like 10 years or something and they call these predictions
and how things are gonna go out and obviously they get to a pretty or not obviously but like
as you would guess that gets to a pretty fantastical place pretty quickly and
you know how I say I've read like 10 books and they've
for the right 10 books yeah one of the ideas that were like deeply
that show up across some of those books is how consistently
experts in a field I know you're headed like just a horrible prediction like they do worse than
a non-expert like an average person like and it's it's crazy dynamic where like the closer you are
to it the more likely you're like over time that you're overfitting this there's information
you have and it becomes very hard for you to predict stuff in the future and this shows up as like
uh like deep like intellectual analysis of why this happens you know I've seen in a bunch of
places there it also shows up in like fun practical places like there's this really famous
panel that Isaac Asimov was on alongside a bunch of like scientists or like people deep in
like people actually doing stuff and they're all asked to make predictions of what you know the
50 I forgot what it was maybe like 50 years in the future what it's gonna look like
and the science fiction author Isaac Asimov had the most conservative responses and ultimately
ended up being closer to the truth than the people like building the future yeah I've seen
to me this is like a first principle to me like I had seen it enough from like this is a
foundational truth about the world like you just cannot like use expert analysis or expert predictions
as like it just never works out simultaneously like I'm still very open to the idea that this
time it's different you know it feels like what I don't like about this first principle is it feels
like a like an attack on a personality it's like you're this kind of person therefore
anything you say is wrong so I don't like that because it has nothing to do with a substance of
their argument but simultaneously it just is so true historically yeah so that's where I also
struggle with this yeah it feels like a different category of problem than predicting the future
in the sense that like like if I guess playing out what you're saying like the experts right now
in our field or in technology would say like coding is going away in the next whatever let's say
the conservative ones are saying in the next two years I mean the more aggressive ones are like
three months or whatever six months ago that's yeah so if this if the experts are prognosticating
that programming is going away in months I guess the more conservative like if you had the science
fiction writer of today guessing they would say five years my problem is like is it even going away
like is this even gonna happen like are we even gonna keep going on this path is like a real question
in my mind like there's yeah it's not like how soon it's like is this yeah me too yeah I also
feel like is it even possible yeah I could have bold that whole thing I just said into like I don't
know if it's predicting how soon or whether this is even the direction yeah yeah so for me it's not
even like the getting the time right I I agree with you it's about like is this even are we even on
it is a path we're on even the right track something that leads to that given infinite time
yeah I think this thing cuts in two ways right so when we say experts we're talking about experts
in AI people that are people that like really understand how these systems are built and
and like predict how they're gonna get better mm-hmm they're not experts in programming right yeah
so just like programmers often think that they can automate things that cannot be automated
because it's a lot more complicated than same so an outsider because you're an expert at programming
not express something else I think the same dynamic might be happening here where they're just wrong
because they don't understand the depth of this yeah simultaneously programmers are not experts
in AI so like us saying it's not gonna happen also you know everyone is just
no one's an expert in the what like the full picture right mm-hmm so I think yeah that's why
I have such a tough time strongly believing anything yes saying yeah like at my core I believe that
it won't I don't think it's gonna dramatically make a huge impact in the world I feel that at my core
if I look at people's behavior versus what they're saying their behavior also seems to line up with
what I'm saying but I just acknowledge all these biases I have that makes me want to believe
all that so yeah I just really enjoy making fun of the people at this point that strongly believe
anything about AI people are so weird it's crazy I'm like how can you again it's a chaos box how
can you not hate it one day I'm love it the other day like uh-huh I don't understand how you can have
any other feeling about it there's just some people that have made AI like their personality like if
you if you have in your head a definition of like AGI and ASI you're just weird I'm sorry like just
move on like find another hobby because you're one of those people that is the reply guy on twitter
that strongly feels something about AI and it's just so annoying like what I mean people do this
with crypto but like feels even weirder with AI like the amount of like emotional reaction people
have around something so unrelated to them as a person maybe it's just the state of the world
like everything's getting more impassionate I don't know impassionate yeah I'm impassioned
yeah I think I keep trying to like remember exactly what crypto is like to see if there's any
wisdom in our experiences there it was definitely weird yeah and it was definitely like uh
obviously a lot of parallels but I think the thing that throws a hitch and everything is AI is like
already more useful than crypto is so it's like hard for me to draw the parallel without like
feeling like I'm not giving it the right credit can I ask you a really random question before we go
yeah what do you think about uh royally does that name mean anything or don't need to say
more about him I have a lot of complex thoughts about him I do too and I want to hear your thoughts
I feel like his millennials uh this is a fun topic because it dips into like this new generation
that's coming up and all kinds of stuff yeah yeah or do you not want to talk about him maybe
you don't want to I do want to talk about him I think I'd love to talk to him and give him some
advice I think that's kind of where my oh okay yeah he probably would not come on our podcast but
that would be awesome yeah I think and again for people that just to get a little bit of context
royally invented this like tool that lets people cheat on interviews and was very good at making
a big public stink about it uh Columbia got pissed was very good at leveraging Columbia getting pissed
into more attention here's my feeling about him I think there's a group of people that are like
he's ruining his reputation or like he's like he's he's like screwing himself over
I think they're wrong I think like fundamentally they don't really get what's going on I think
they're wrong yeah but I do think he's making a mistake that it's a possible not to I don't even
think if I talk to him like I could even get I think it's the thing that you have to go through
yeah he's obviously very good at getting attention and a lot of people look at that and they're like
they focus a lot on that they're like he's so good at getting attention that anyone criticizing
him but anything is wrong but I think there's this trap where when you mechanically when you're
so good at like knowing what will get people to engage and like focus and give you attention
you think you are conquering that system because you're like playing it but it's playing you also
because it like traps your mind into focusing on things that will get attention or that obviously
will get attention or doing things in a way that'll obviously get attention and it's mechanically
following that step-by-step does not lead to there's not there's no guarantee that leads to a
a good place right mm-hmm the product he products he builds are things that are innately provocative
there's no guarantee that the most important thing that he can work on is going to be something
provocative it might be something that's not provocative at all so I feel like the things he
works on and things he does he's so biased by how can I do it provocatively that he does dumb
things that don't that that are wrong and and don't make a lot of sense so yeah sure that's
basically my feeling around him I think the the stuff from this week was particularly funny
the other types of things I like I think I don't even so much have opinions about him or where he's
headed or like you have this very like start-up mind where you can like see all the pitfalls and
all the things that I'm just thinking like my first blush I'm a millennial developer and I hate
every Gen Z developer like I just hate him so first I just hate this guy who is just oh my god but
then it's like oh he doesn't have a an anime face that's nice yeah that's true actually shows his
own face and then like and then I dig into like oh I actually really agree with this whole like
college stance that it is just so fake and there's so much stupid stuff about college
and about the systems that exist like I get the like stick it to the systems
I get that sentiment and then like he's really good at the attention thing and it's just funny to
watch people get inflamed so obviously like he's just he's good at that stuff yeah and I think I'm
not so much thinking long term it's just like I've accepted now that like I can like Gen Z it's
fine they're different they're just like throwing out all the stuff that we said and almost just
like just throwing it out to throw it out like just like they're annoyed at us as well like you can
feel the tension that Gen Z's kind of like wants nothing to do with millennial developers in our
whole generation and I think that's why I said he would never come on the podcast like we're a
couple of millennial developers I'm sure like well he did he did comment on our yacht video and he
replied oh did he did reply and he I think he follows me he did reply saying one or Asian people
didn't do anything this cool so okay so he doesn't completely have an irreverence towards us as
millennials but I do I feel the like the changing of the guard almost this is so stupid and like
I don't know just like pointless to have these thoughts probably but like it's just like waste
of time slots but like there's something about that gap that it was bridged with this royally
character I feel like for me yeah the whole the whole like anonymous crowd of Gen Z devs
in twitter and elsewhere like the whole anime face thing uh really had me like a very annoyed
with that group and this this is the more refreshing take if he like he's like doing the leader of that
and he's actually doing stuff like the whole anime face thing they never do it and they just
talk about doing stuff yes he's actually doing so I had a very bad taste in my mouth and I feel like
he's made me come around on it and just seeing millennials get upset with him helps me not be
upset anytime people get upset people I just get upset at them so yeah exactly yeah so he feel like
I can empathize a little bit I just find everyone annoying yeah yeah yeah he's uh it's it's funny but
like I guess I had this thought the other day and I don't again I'm going to also acknowledge that
I'm obviously heavily heavily biased to believe this but I'll make a case for it regardless so
there's a prototype of Silicon Valley founder right super young doesn't care about the system
disruptive makes a huge impact a lot of the stories of the big companies previous generation
fit that mold right young energy go crazy do whatever I'm kind of wondering if there's a
completely different explanation for all this stuff which is they just knew how to use computers
it actually didn't it's not that the fact that they were young there's something about innately
being young there was a generational divide at where at some point there were adults
some of the adults or most adults did not know anything about using computers they kind of
naturally like think in an internet way they didn't get any of this and then there was a
generation that did and they happened to be young and they did extremely well and that prototype is
like persisted where Silicon Valley still expects that shape of person to win and like lead in the
new disruption in the new companies whatever but I think the times are totally different now
where the people that are young aren't competing with people that don't use computers they're
competing with people that also not use computers as well as them and get everything as well as
them they may not get the marketing side as well but I just I don't see it playing out the same way
and again I'm obviously biased I'm more in that latter generation now but I'm like yeah if you
go head to head someone that's like young in the early 20s against someone that's like
from like you know they've already had a 20-year career in tech but like as like a startup founder
I have a hard time explaining why the young person would actually win like both these groups
understand all the same stuff but the latter one has experience and in the world it shifted
in between two generations where it's going to default to the to the young one again so I don't
I don't know if this shift is actually going to happen like I said some some stuff on like the
marketing and attention side the younger generation understands more natively but I don't think the
other generation is impossible for them to get there yeah can I kind of offer like a
way to galaxy brain like assignment to Roy Lee it's this is like probably a stretch and this
may not be what he's doing but I just kind of view the whole startup thing is like another
uh potential just like FU to the system like would it not be perfect for him to raise a ton of
money for much of like old white men and then just like let it fly mountain who cares just have
fun doing it but like it's another like this is just a stupid institution that has you know what
I'm getting at like like VC as a concept just like colleges as a concept I don't know maybe he's
maybe he actually has startup dreams but I would not be surprised if none of that is even the point
and like he's just having his fun kind of mocking the whole thing I mean that that would be really
cool I think if he was doing that it would look a little bit more exciting and fun but yeah I so
far so far it looks like he's just playing into he's like literally just doing the startup thing
the exact persona of what he thinks he's supposed to be doing as a in the stage that he's in but
yeah I don't know like I don't know if these like young founders are really gonna be it you know
um I don't like I said I don't see cursor beating Microsoft I really don't because it's not like
Microsoft is staff full of people that don't get it right totally different how it was back
in the day big and slow but once they eventually get there yeah it's gonna be hard for my job to win
and they're not starting from zero and they have yeah so it's I think it's just different these
days and I think it's being a founder I think it's gonna we're gonna see a lot fewer first time
founder wins like I just I just don't see how that's possible nowadays makes sense you seem
really needs to not have an anime profile picture because he's a millennial and he just screws the
whole thing up are you sure this is a non-millennial thing I didn't know that I didn't understand I
didn't think of it I actually don't know I don't know anything about all the anime profile people
because there's nothing to know about them because they're not people they're just anime profile
pictures and they don't actually have it tied to anything in the real world so maybe they are
already I don't know I think you're I think you're right maybe it skews younger but I says the other
day have you ever seen them disagree with each other um don't think so they all say the exact
same things and value the exact same things and like they kind of talk in the same way it's like
this it's this weird subculture that exists and I don't know if it's an age thing I think it's like
there's something else that's like finding them together really really annoying it's embarrassing
like why are you such like a homogenous group of people that all think the exact same way and
it's funny because they're like one of the things they believe in is they're not they're not that
yeah this reminds me of when I visited every time I go to Portland I had the same thought which is
man everyone here is so alternative but they dress alternative they look alternative but they
all look exactly the same like they're the same alternative with each other like it's just uh-huh
it's like their identity is positive but it's so superficial like yeah it's yeah okay we should
get out here yeah this one was long yep all right see ya